Docker vn (#553)
cancervariants/variation-normalization: README.md

Reviewer: I would recommend looking at this [Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/). When viewing the readme from the repo as seen [here](https://github.com/cancervariants/variation-normalization/tree/docker_vn), it is kind of hard to read. I'd recommend creating a new heading just for the Docker work. I'd also suggest using code/code blocks

Reviewer: There are also some inconsistencies with capitalization and some typos

Author: Line breaks were omitted while copying from compose repo. I have added line breaks and headings. Let me if further formatting is required.

```shell
pytest tests/
```

Docker Setup:

> This Section deals with setting up of Variation Normalizer via docker. For detailed instructions on variation Normalizer and its developer setup , Please refer to the variation normalizer Home page : https://github.com/cancervariants/variation-normalization/tree/main

Reviewer: Not necessary to include the last sentence since it will be merged into `main` branch eventually 
```suggestion
This Section deals with setting up Variation Normalizer via Docker
```

Author: Lines removed.

UTA
The Postgres UTA instance is another dependancy required for Variation Normalizer. To setup Container for UTA postgres Db instance. Follow the following steps:
a.) Pull the image from Docker Hub Repository by typing following command in terminal.
Set the uta_v env variable by typing command uta_v=<"name of the version>. For eg uta_v=uta_20210129b.
Command : docker pull biocommons/uta:$uta_v
b.) Once the image is downnloaded, Start the container with the command :
docker run 
-d 
-e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=some-password-that-you-make-up 
-v /tmp:/tmp 
-v uta_vol:/var/lib/postgresql/data 
--name $uta_v 
--net=<"name of the network> \
biocommons/uta:$uta_v

Dynamo db
The AWS provides docker image for the local instance. The Dynamo DB even though as a local instance requires AWS username and AWS password. We can provide dummy values for these environment variables. These variables have been initialized in the docker file.
a.) Pull the image from Docker Hub Repository and Start the container with the command in terminal.
Command : docker run --net tulip-net -d --name dynamodb -p 8001:8001 amazon/dynamodb-local:1.18.0 -jar DynamoDBLocal.jar -port 8001

Variation Normalizer

> There is no image hosted on Docker hub for the Variation Normalizer. Hence we need to build image for Variation Normalizer from the docker File. The Docker File is already there in the repo.

Reviewer: Once this PR gets merged, we can host an image on dockerhub
```suggestion
Finally, build image for Variation Normalizer from the Dockerfile.
```

Author: Please remove the line , once the image is hosted on docker hub.Till then I think we should keep this line.

```shell
pytest tests/
```

> ## Docker Setup:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker Setup

```

This Section deals with setting up of Variation Normalizer via docker. 

> The Variation Normalizer depends upon several Modules , therefore its recommended to setup docker containers of these Modules before starting the Variation Normalizer container.Please ensure the target machine( where the Variation Normalizer is to be deployed has docker installed, otherwise docker commands wont work.  

Reviewer: Covered in above suggestion
```suggestion
```

> To Create Docker network , Please type following command.  
> command : docker network create <"name of the network> for e.g we have used "tulip-net"  
> Please follow below steps for Docker Setup of Variation Normalizer and its dependant containers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new Docker network, use the [docker network create](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/network/create/) command. For example, `docker network create tulip-net`
```

> ## SeqRepo  

Reviewer: This should be a subheading
```suggestion
### SeqRepo  
```

> Variation Normalizer depends on SeqRepo database. We need to create docker image for Seqrepo. It is recomended to start first with this image as volume attached to Seqrepo takes time to download and its size depending upon the version is 10 GB +.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variation Normalizer depends on [Biocommons SeqRepo](https://github.com/biocommons/biocommons.seqrepo).  It is recommended to have the image as a volume attached to SeqRepo since the size exceeds 10 GB and can take a while to download.
```

> a.) Pull the image from Docker Hub Repository by typing following command in terminal.  
> Command : docker pull biocommons/seqrepo  
> b.) This will initiate display the output something like this:  
> Using default tag: latest latest: Pulling from biocommons/seqrepo 125a6e411906: Pull complete  
> 4da135235d92: Pull complete  
> abfb8a2bf499: Pull complete  
> c987b6c75b9d: Pull complete  
> 6cafe4b33812: Pull complete  
> 03f7d4217df5: Pull complete  
> Digest: sha256:0390108e54c500f72afe5b187ecfb1eb9ef14f21fdc0af18e819660e7c9430c4 Status: Downloaded newer image for biocommons/seqrepo:latest docker.io/biocommons/seqrepo:latest  
>  c.) Once the image is downloaded , Start the container with the command :  
>  docker run -net <"name of the network> --name seqrepo biocommons/seqrepo  
>  The Name of the network is the network name which was created above. Running the above command will start downloading the sequences file required by Variation Normalizer. By default the volume of this container is sharable. Other containers which are on same network can access it by appending this to the docker command: --volumes-from seqrepo where seqrepo is the name of the container.For efficiency , the container can be run in daemon mode or seperate terminal so that other tasks can be performed in parallel.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pull the image from Docker Hub Repository: 

```shell
docker pull biocommons/seqrepo
```

This will output something like:

```shell
Using default tag: latest latest: Pulling from biocommons/seqrepo 125a6e411906: Pull complete  
4da135235d92: Pull complete  
abfb8a2bf499: Pull complete  
c987b6c75b9d: Pull complete  
6cafe4b33812: Pull complete  
03f7d4217df5: Pull complete  
Digest: sha256:0390108e54c500f72afe5b187ecfb1eb9ef14f21fdc0af18e819660e7c9430c4 Status: Downloaded newer image for biocommons/seqrepo:latest docker.io/biocommons/seqrepo:latest
```

2. Start the container (replace `NETWORK` with your network from above):

```shell
docker run -net NETWORK --name seqrepo biocommons/seqrepo  
```

By default the volume of this container is sharable. Other containers which are on same network can access it by appending `--volumes-from seqrepo`, where seqrepo is the name of the container, to the docker command. For efficiency, the container can be run in daemon mode or a separate terminal so that other tasks can be performed in parallel.  
```

> ## UTA  

Reviewer: This should be a subheading
```suggestion
### UTA

```

> The Postgres UTA instance is another dependancy required for Variation Normalizer. To setup Container for UTA postgres Db instance. Follow the following steps:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Biocommons UTA](https://github.com/biocommons/uta) is another dependency required for the Variation Normalizer.
```

> a.) Pull the image from Docker Hub Repository by typing following command in terminal.  
> Set the uta_v env variable by typing command uta_v=<"name of the version>. For eg uta_v=uta_20210129b.  
> Command : docker pull biocommons/uta:$uta_v  
> b.) Once the image is downnloaded, Start the container with the command :  
> docker run  
> -d  
> -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=some-password-that-you-make-up  
> -v /tmp:/tmp  
> -v uta_vol:/var/lib/postgresql/data  
> --name $uta_v  
> --net=<"name of the network> \  
> biocommons/uta:$uta_v  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pull the image from Docker Hub Repository:

```shell
 docker pull biocommons/uta:$uta_v  
```

Where `uta_v` is the name of the UTA version, for example `uta_v=uta_20210129b`

b.) Once the image is downloaded, run the following:

```shell
docker run  
-d  
-e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=some-password-that-you-make-up  
-v /tmp:/tmp  
-v uta_vol:/var/lib/postgresql/data  
--name $uta_v  
--net=<"name of the network> \  
biocommons/uta:$uta_v
```
```

> ## Dynamo db  

Reviewer: This should be a subheading
```suggestion
### DynamoDB 
```

> The AWS provides docker image for the local instance. The Dynamo DB even though as a local instance requires AWS username and AWS password. We can provide dummy values for these environment variables. These variables have been initialized in the docker file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS provides a docker image for the local instance. The DynamoDB local instance requires credentials (`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`). You can provide dummy values for these if you do not have an AWS account.
```

> a.) Pull the image from Docker Hub Repository and Start the container with the command in terminal.  
> Command : docker run --net tulip-net -d --name dynamodb -p 8001:8001 amazon/dynamodb-local:1.18.0 -jar DynamoDBLocal.jar -port 8001  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pull the image from Docker Hub repository and start the container:

```shell
docker run --net tulip-net -d --name dynamodb -p 8001:8001 amazon/dynamodb-local:1.18.0 -jar DynamoDBLocal.jar -port 8001  
```
```

> ## Variation Normalizer  
> There is no image hosted on Docker hub for the Variation Normalizer. Hence we need to build image for Variation Normalizer from the docker File. The Docker File is already there in the repo.  
> a.) To build the image from the docker file. Run the command from the directory where Docker File is there.  
> command : docker build -t variation-normalization .  
> b.) Once the image is created, Start the container with the command :  
> command : docker run --net <"network name"> --name variationnormalizer -p 8000:80 --volumes-from seqrepo <"image name">:<"tag name">  
> for e.g docker run --net tulip-net --name variationnormalizer -p 80:80 --volumes-from seqrepo -d variation-normalization:latest  

Reviewer: I think it's fine to have a local section and we can create a new issue to update for Docker hub
```suggestion
### Running the Dockerfile locally

1. Build the image from the docker file:

```shell
docker build -t variation-normalization .  
```

1. Once the image is created, start the container:

```shell
docker run --net tulip-net --name variationnormalizer -p 80:80 --volumes-from seqrepo -d variation-normalization:latest  
```
```
